Based on the screenshot, it looks like you are dealing with a CSS rendering issue during the PDF/JPG generation process. When a webpage is converted to a static file, some background elements or text alignments often break because the "Print" or "Export" styling doesn't match the live website.

Here is why this is happening and how you can fix it:

Why this is happening
CSS Flexbox/Grid Issues: Many PDF libraries (like wkhtmltopdf or older versions of Dompdf) struggle with modern CSS layouts like display: flex or display: grid. This causes text to shift or overlap.

Background Graphics Disabled: By default, many browsers and PDF generators disable background colors and images to save ink. This is likely why your report background or text isn't aligning correctly.

Viewport Mismatch: The "Total Revenue" bar in your image is quite wide. If the PDF generator uses a narrow "virtual screen," the text will wrap or misalign.

Potential Solutions
1. Force Background Graphics
If you are using a "Print to PDF" function, you must explicitly tell the browser to include backgrounds. Add this to your CSS:

CSS
@media print {
  * {
    -webkit-print-color-adjust: exact !important;
    print-color-adjust: exact !important;
  }
}
2. Fix the Alignment for Export
Avoid using complex layouts for the elements that need to be in the PDF. Use standard block positioning for the total revenue row:

Instead of Flex: Use float: right or text-align: right for the "Rs. 150" value.

Fixed Widths: Give your table columns specific percentage widths (e.g., width: 20%) so they don't collapse during the download.

3. Use a Modern Library
If you are building this website yourself and using a library to generate these files, ensure you are using one that supports modern Chrome-based rendering:

Recommended: Use Puppeteer or Playwright. They use a real headless Chrome browser, so the PDF/JPG will look exactly like what you see on your screen.

Avoid: Older versions of jsPDF or html2canvas for complex tables, as they often "guess" the alignment and get it wrong.

4. Check for Overlapping Containers
In your screenshot, the pink background bar for "Total Revenue" seems to be a separate div. If the text inside it is not aligned, ensure the container has:

line-height equal to its height.

padding instead of absolute positioning.